
Akka and Spray
https://github.com/eigengo/activator-akka-spray

Hello Play Framework 2.3 (Scala Only)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-play-2_3-scala

Test Patterns in Scala!
https://github.com/eptx/activator-test-patterns-scala

The Play Angular Seed Project
https://github.com/typesafehub/angular-seed-play

Spray and Websocket interfaces to actors
https://github.com/cuali/SprayEasterEggs

Play Slick quickstart
https://github.com/loicdescotte/activator-play-slick

Actor per-request model with spray
https://github.com/NET-A-PORTER/spray-actor-per-request

Play with Guice
https://github.com/typesafehub/play-guice

Play Framework with Backbone.js
https://github.com/erdogany/hello-play-backbone

Play + Java + Spring
https://github.com/jamesward/play-java-spring

Hello Akka!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-akka

Activator Scalding
https://github.com/deanwampler/activator-scalding

Reactive Scales
https://github.com/typesafehub/reactive-scales

Reactive Stocks (Java 8)
https://github.com/typesafehub/reactive-stocks-java8

Hello Scaloid!
https://github.com/pocorall/activator-hello-scaloid

SSE Chat Template with AngularJS
https://github.com/matthiasn/sse-chat

Just Play! Java
https://github.com/julienrf/just-play-java

Using a customized Slick code generator
https://github.com/slick/slick-codegen-customization-example

6 Minute Apps!
https://github.com/jamesward/six-minute-apps

Atomic Scala Examples
https://github.com/AtomicScala/atomic-scala-examples

Akka and Cassandra
https://github.com/eigengo/activator-akka-cassandra

Akka Callcenter
https://github.com/qcentic/activator-callcenter

Hello Play Framework (Scala Only)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-play-scala

Dart + Akka + Spray
https://github.com/lucperkins/dart-spray-akka-example

The Eventual PlayFramework-AngularJS-Bootstrap-MongoDB Seed Project
https://github.com/angyjoe/eventual

Play with Spring Data Jpa
https://github.com/typesafehub/play-spring-data-jpa

Hello Play Framework (Java Only)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-play-java

AngularJS Play Mongo
https://github.com/lashford/modern-web-template

Play Slick with Typesafe IDs
https://github.com/VirtusLab/activator-play-advanced-slick

Akka IO over TCP, Spray and MySQL Reactive
https://github.com/vngrs/tcp-async

Distributed workers with Akka and Java!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-distributed-workers-java

Akka Supervision (Scala)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-supervision

Play AngularJs Webapp Seed
https://github.com/knockingspirit/paws

Hello Akka (Java 8)
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-akka-java8

Akka Java Spring
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-java-spring

Distributed workers with Akka and Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-distributed-workers

Go Reactive with Java 8 & Play Framework
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-reactive-java8-play

Hello Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-scala

Hello ScalikeJDBC!
https://github.com/scalikejdbc/hello-scalikejdbc

Akka Cluster Sharding with Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-cluster-sharding-scala

An introduction to sbt
https://github.com/typesafehub/hello-sbt

Reactive Maps
https://github.com/typesafehub/ReactiveMaps

Play Cake Pattern (Scala)
https://github.com/kaeawc/play-cake-pattern

Play Example Form
https://github.com/jamesward/play-example-form

Reactive Stocks with Vaadin
https://github.com/mstahv/vaadin-in-akka

Hello Scaladin!
https://github.com/tepi/hello-scaladin

Akka Scala Spring
https://github.com/ouertani/akka-scala-spring

Template template
https://github.com/schaloner/activator-template-template

CEP with Akka and Esper
https://github.com/fsauer65/akka-esper-integration

Akka Clustered PubSub with Scala!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-akka-clustering

Hello Slick!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-slick

Reactive Real-time Search
https://github.com/DrewEaster/realtime-search

Reactive Stocks
https://github.com/typesafehub/reactive-stocks

Slick with Android Example
https://github.com/pulsation/slick-android-example

Play Framework using Scalatest for testing and SubCut for configuration
https://github.com/dickwall/activator-play-subcut

Play (Scala) with play-yeoman
https://github.com/tuplejump/activator-play-yeoman

Play Reactive Mongo application with KnockoutJS frontend
https://github.com/typesafehub/play-mongo-knockout

Play Akka Angular WebSocket
https://github.com/gigiigig/play-akka-angular-websocket

Hello Scala!
https://github.com/tflander/activator-hello-scala

Play with Squeryl
https://github.com/jamesward/play2bars-squeryl

Super Slick Play
https://github.com/mkelland/activator-play-slick

Hello Play Framework!
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-hello-play

No-framework Dependency Injection with MacWire and Play Activator
https://github.com/adamw/macwire-activator

Scaldi Play Example
https://github.com/scaldi/scaldi-play-example

A little phantom type sample
https://github.com/dickwall/activator-scala-phantom

Play Framework with AngularJS and RequireJS
https://github.com/mariussoutier/play-angular-require-seed

Slick Plain SQL Queries
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-slick-plainsql

Akka IO with Spray Client
https://github.com/eigengo/activator-spray-twitter

Play SQLite (Scala)
https://github.com/kaeawc/play-sqlite

Play Framework + HBase
https://github.com/typesafehub/activator-play-hbase

Scaldi Akka Example
https://github.com/scaldi/scaldi-akka-example

ReactiveMongo Play Autosource
https://github.com/mandubian/activator-play-autosource-reactivemongo

Play + Java + CRUD
https://github.com/hakandilek/play2-crud-activator

Just Play! Scala
https://github.com/julienrf/just-play-scala

Using Slicks default code generator
https://github.com/slick/slick-codegen-example

Tweetmap Workshop Template
https://github.com/retroryan/activator-tweetmap-workshop

